This restaurant is closed ./. Have you ever stood at the foyer of HDB Hub in Toa Payoh and looked at their map of Singapore ? It can be quite unsettling to see all the housing estates taking up much of our island and identifying all the places that you know and have been to . I guess we all know that Singapore is a small island and that space is a premium . But to see just how many green patches are left on our island makes you really realize that our space is indeed very limited. Once in aT while, one is pleasantly surprised to discover something yummy purely by chance. This happened to me while walking along Joo Chiat yesterday. What caught my eye was this really fluffy and tempting chicken pie. See for yourself! Tempting? Not tempting... very tempting. Even though I was full after lunch, the sight of the pie and the buttery fragrance of freshly baked puff pastry was totally irresistible. I was drawn in like a mosquito to the blue light. It tastes as good as it looks. The crust is buttery and crispy and not oily. Unlike other pies which turn up soggy and drenched in butter, this one remained crisp and light with minimum oil stain on the brown paper bag. The filling was a generous mix of chucky chicken pieces, button mushrooms, carrots and potatoes reminiscent of the old style chicken pies which I had when I was a child. Ah Nostalgia. I casually asked them if they have beef pie which they flatly answered"No!" I could read what was in their head:" You can't read our sign? It says Boulevard CHICKEN pie!" "Oh, so you only sell chicken pies?" thought I,  " In that case, can I have a BEEF Chicken pie? "Blank stares. Now if you can believe it, the one in the picture is the small one which costs $1.50. They have 3 sizes. I wonder what the large one looks like. Go try it, especially when it is fresh from the oven.  My only complaint is that they don't have a Beef Chicken Pie. I have been hooked on Menu Degustation since my delightful experience at Iggy's last year. The great thing about a Degustation type meal is that you don't get overly full and yet your tastebuds are contented after the meal. Great for aging people like me but maybe not for younger people with insatiable appetites where Buffets are the way to go. When it comes to desserts, the only way so far to try a variety of desserts in small portions is to eat at a buffet. But how many of us would actually go for a buffet just for the desserts? Well I think I might have found the Holy Grail of all dessert lovers-- Dessert Degustation! This little homegrown store tucked in the 3rd floor of Katong Mall makes all sorts of teeny weeny dessert creations ranging from chocolates, macaroons, cakes etc all beautifully presented in bite sized portions! Great idea right? Now, why didn't I think of that? I sampled six of the various items and especially liked" Between the Sheets" (top pic) which is praline sandwiched between sheets of dark chocolate sitting on a meringue base. Another nice one is the "Cupid" which is cheese mousse with kirsch in white chocolate cups. The other one that stands out is the" Sweet Expectations" which is a Strawberries and Cream Macaroon"burger". You might be wondering why the name Gobi Desserts? It so happened that one of the owners, AiMing had a vision (or was it delusion caused by dehydration?) of making these cute desserts while hiking in the middle of the Gobi Desert! Gobi Dessert, Gobi Desert get it? It's true! No kidding! Again, I think this is a great idea! They also do baby's first month cakes where you can have the name of your baby spelt out on tiny cakes! How's that for something novel? You can choose any 6 items for $10.90 and 12 for $19.90. Not exactly cheap, but worth that initial "Wow/" factor especially for that extra special significant other! Wink Wink. It's been a year since I first met Liverpool and blogged about his Ciabatta and Kaya Toast/NN. How time flies. Ever since our first meeting, we have been tossing around ideas on what else would Singaporeans like to eat with their Kopi and The C. If you all have been following the blog, you would know that I'd choose a good old fashion cup of Kopi over Café Latte anyday. In fact, our polls showed that 46. 7% of those polled also prefer Kopi compared with 32.5% who like western style coffee. There have been so many occasions when I am having Cheesecake or Croissant that I wished I could have a cup of Kopi rather than a Cappuccino. Liverpool felt the same way too. So we have been discussing all sorts of stuff that we would love to eat with a cup of Kopi and one of them was freshly baked scones. So after the idea had been brewing for almost a year, Liverpool finally shifted to his new premises in Chinatown Point installed a new oven and produced his first tray of freshly baked scones! I have always liked scones since my trip to Bath in England. Slapping on some strawberry jam and clotted cream onto freshly baked, piping hot scones has always been my idea of the perfect afternoon tea. Now I can have it with my cup of The C which is even better! The scones here are light and fluffy but the problem is that there was no clotted cream! (Liverpool's thinking about it). However, the plus side is that you can have it with Kaya if you wanted. (gotta get the clotted cream man!) If you like Kopi, you have to try the Kopi here. After going around tasting the various famous Kopi places, I would have to say that the Kopi here ranks as one of the best around. Seriously, I am not just saying this to help him promote his Kopi because he is my friend. I like his Kopi because it is smooth, creamy and fragrant with very little bitterness or acidity. It is just the way I like it. Not only I say, but you can ask any of the "Uncles" sitting around who come three times a day to get their Kopi fix! Only place in Singapore I know of that you can get freshly baked scones with Kopi and The C. And if you prid yourself as a Kopi lover, you should come try the Kopi here and see if you agree with my verdict. The "All-you-can-eat" set is very good if you have really hungry people who can eat a lot. But for a family like mine with two kids, we went for the Fuku set which was priced at $179++ for 2 and ordered one or two extra plates of meat. The set for two can easily feed three people and you get some smoked bacon, marinated cod fish, mushrooms, salmon rice and other stuff which adds variety to the meal.  I must add that the homemade Kimchi is particularly good. It's one of the tastiest that I have come across so far. The lunch sets and "all-you-can-eat" buffet sets which are only available at the Anchorpoint branch should appeal to many big eaters and for corporate functions. Not quite the place if you are looking for top notch Japanese Wagyu.  For that KIND of meal, you will need to look elsewhere and be prepared to pay a lot more. They do serve Japanese "Ito" Wagyu from Kagoshima.