Ever since I started getting serious about food, I have learnt that it If there are people eating it, then there must be something good about it and its a matter of learning to appreciate it. Take for instance Hakka cuisine,  which I have only began to really appreciate after visiting Goldhill. In particular, I am talking about Hakka Yong Tau Foo. I can't understand why people would make such a big fuss about eating something as simple as Bean Curd with Fish Paste, really, until I tried it the way it should be served! And I learnt that the way to really appreciate Yong Tau Foo is to have it piping hot after blanching with just a drizzle of fragrant oil. The Bean Curd here is excellent. They use Silken Tofu rather that Tau Kwa so the texture is smooth as silk. Fresh Ikan Parang (Sai Toh/ Wolf Herring) is filleted and beaten to a paste every day by hand and used as a filling for the chilli, bittergourd, tau pok and Ngor Hiang. Those of us who like their food sweet will really appreciate the sweet sauce. This is one of the best sweet sauce I have tasted. It is really thick, sweet and substantial! Their sauce is specially tweaked not fresh out of a bottle. Secret ingredients are added and its stewed for 2 hours. This is the first time I am eating this special dish called. Before I talk about the dish, let me just say that So for instance, when you eat something like crocodile meat for the first time, the taste is so foreign that you can't really describe it. So your brain compares it with something that you are familiar with. In most cases it's chicken. When I first saw this dish, (Glutinous Rice with peanuts - a sweet dessert). The balls were made of Yam and rice flour and were chewy like Mua Chee, and they added some condiments on top. In the case of Mua Chee it is sweetened ground peanuts. In this case its a mixture of fried Hae Bee (dried prawns), Salted Fish and Jew Her (Dried Squid). I thought it was good and would have given it a 3.75. Then Uncle told me that the dish was the. The Cantonese version which I am familiar with has all the dried prawns, chinese sausages mixed in the Yam Flour dough before steaming. With the Yam Abacus, the dough is rolled and dimpled (it does look like the beads on the abacus) and the ingredients are added on top instead. Suddenly I could recognize the Yam taste in the dough and how excellently the crispy toppings complemented the dough! It suddenly became a The other thing I learnt to appreciate was the raw fish.  I always thought it was because it was a ploy to spread a small amount of fish meat out to cover a plate. Then I found out that it was necessary for Ikan Parang to be served this was and it was really difficult to remove them. So by cutting it really thin, you only get a small 0.5mm piece of bone which won't cause you to rush to A&E! Anyway the fish here is fresh and had no fishy taste. It is served with a savoury sesame oil dressing, garlic, ginger and lots of spring onions. When you bite into the fish you will get that bit of grittiness due to the fish bones. The last dish was the steamed La La (Clams). This is quite a simple dish, but the broth is so satisfying! Fresh clams are put into the steamer with chilli and ginger and Hua Tiao Jiu (Chinese Rice Wine is added just prior to serving. The broth is slightly bitter but complemented by the natural sweetness of the clams and the fragrance of the ginger,  garlic and cut chillies! If you have never really appreciated Hakka cuisine, this is the place to start! The really good thing is that because less oil is used, after the meal you will feel comfortably full, but not uncomfortably bloated! This is himself!! I'm serious. Goldhill (Jin Shan) is his Chinese name. The last time I ate at Gyu Kaku was about 7 years ago.  That was before I even started blogging. They had just opened in Singapore and at that time Yakiniku restaurants were still quite a novelty.  I remember going away thinking that the food was great but they were a bit pricey, which is why I have never been back since. Nowadays, Yakiniku restaurants really popular. Not only do you the Japanese Yakiniku, but you also have numerous Korean BBQ places to choose from.  It's the kind of meal that I really enjoy with the family because the kids love it and it's a very communal kind of dining. But of course, with the kids, you want to look for a place that is affordable and yet serves good quality meats.  Finding that right balance between value and quality was always the challenge. When I was invited to review Gyu Kaku Anchorpoint, I was hesitant at first until I learnt from Rockett Girl that she had been enjoying the lunch sets($32) there with her colleagues. Then I found out about their "All-you-can-eat" ala carte sets which come with a 100g serving of Wagyu Beef for $59.90 ($29.90 kids below 12) which I thought was quite good for a Yakiniku restaurant.  Another reason that brought me there was that I had always bee curious about that bungalow just opposite Ikea along Alexandra road.  It seems so out of place beside Anchorpoint shopping centre and I wanted to find out why it was preserved. Well, it turns out that the Bungalow used to be the Brewer's House of Archipelago Breweries Company(ABC) which used to occupy the area where Anchorpoint is right up to where ABC Brickworks Food Centre.  I am sure that the naming of Anchorpoint must also have something to do with the fact that the brewery used to make Anchor Beer which was first brewed there in 1933. There are several things I really like about this particular Gyu Kaku.  Firstly it is the only one that is run by a franchisee which happens to be an Indonesian family who are passionate about food. This translates to more flexibility when it comes to pricing and a more personal, family friendly atmosphere.  That is why they are the only Gyu Kaku offering the "All-you-can-eat" sets.  The restaurant is nice and cosy and the booth seats by the window were particularly inviting.  There is also spacE upstairs to host functions for 60pax and many companies have booked the whole upper floor for their "All-you-can-eat" ala carte buffets. The food is reasonably good.  Being a Japanese brand, the sauces and quality of the food are controlled by HQ. Their A3 grade is on the menu while the A5 grade is available on request.  Having tasted a range of Japanese Wagyu now, I felt that the Ito Wagyu (A5) was not as tasty as some of the others, especially when compared to Matsuzaka, Hida or Ozaki.  Being A5 grade, the marbling to meat ratio is similar to the other brands/, so the texture and mouth feel is pretty much the same, but the fats just don't have the same level of sweetness and umami. Having said that, I think that the Australian Wagyu is the way to go for this particular restaurant.  That's where I think the quality to value ratio is maximized. His father who started selling Hakka food from a pushcart in the 1940's, eventually opened a restaurant and name it after him! Conclusion Gyu Kaku is a great place for a family Yakiniku and the old ABC Brewer's house is an excellent place for such a restaurant.