It is the end of another year of blogging and as I look back on another memorable year,  I would like to highlight what I think were my 10 best posts of the year.  So without further ado, here they are: 1.  Mr &amp; Mrs Mohgan's Super Crispy Prata Since its discovery, this has become my #1 place for prata.  I just love the old coffeeshop environment and always go away happy! 2.  Zai Shun Curry Fish Head The fish here are fresh and good and it is one of the very few, if not the only Teochew Porridge where you can find the Ikan Lampam (Often mistaken for Sultan Fish) at a really good price! 3.  The history and origins of Yu Sheng Ah, another food fight with our closest neighbour Malaysia.  This time over Yu Sheng!  I couldn't take it standing down, so I had to whack them back... hard!  Hey, they started it first!  (We love our Malaysian friends by the way, its just one of those brotherly fights! : )) 4.  How to choose good meaty Crabs! I finally solved the riddle my father has been puzzling all his life!  How to tell if your crab is going to turn out to be just a scrawny little fellow in a big shiny shell?  5.  Durian Seng: This is Durian Disneyland! I went crazy writing about Durians this year and all that research material were eventually published in my book, Only The Best.  Of all the Durian characters I met, Durian Seng must be one of the most eccentric!  Here are the rest of the Durian Posts. 6.  Tsukiji Market:  What you need to know about Maguro!  It actually took me two years of researching and culminating with a visit to Tsukiji Market before I managed to write this article about Tuna!  If you want to know the difference between the Southern Bluefin and the Pacific Bluefin and why you should pay more for one and not the other at the Sushi Bar, then you need to read this!  Here are the rest of the Sushi Posts. 7.  Pek Sin Choon:  Do you know your Bak Kut Teh Teas? Most people don't realize that some of the teas that are served at our most of the famous Bak Kut Teh places can trace their lineage back to the pre-war years! These iconic teas are still being hand packed in Singapore and is an integral part of our culinary heritage! 8. Magosaburou: Japanese Wagyu Beef Cuts Its been a great year writing about Japanese Wagyu.  Earlier in the year, I even managed to visit the Ozaki Wagyu Farm in Japan!  Then I wrote another two posts on the different cuts of the Wagyu that is used for Yakiniku.  Get ready for Bovine Anatomy 101! 9.  Sik Wai Sin: Old School Cantonese Style Homecooked Dishes! I love discovering these old places where they diligently churn out traditional dishes with the freshest ingredients!  It has become a family favorite since then! 10.  Kway Guan Huat:  Ultimate Abalone Poh Piah! This year we held the very first "Ultimate Hawker Fest" which turned out to be a rousing success!  I also started publishing some cinemagraphs which are photos where only one part of the picture is animated while the rest is frozen.  This photo of the poh piah man in action while the calendar flutters nonchalantly in the background is my favourite as I felt it really captured the nostalgia of the scene.  Here are my other cinemagraphs. Oh, and of course, if you still don't know about it, I capped off the year with the publication of my latest book "Only The Best"!  I began writing ieatishootipost because I wanted to find out where all the Best Hawker stalls were and this is essentially a distillation of 6 years of research and eating!  It's available at all bookstores now.  Overseas friends can find "Only The Best" and my previous book "The End of Char Kway Teow" on Amazon. Many thanks for reading and may you all Eat Well and Prosper in 2013!
It is a very close race for the top position.  Tian Tian led all of the way but Boon Tong Kee managed to close the gap to a mere 0.4 percentage points!  I guess it is unfair since Boon Tong Kee has so many branches, so there would be more people familiar with them. So here are the top 3 chicken rice stalls in Singapore as chosen by our foodies! 1.  Tian Tian Chicken Rice 2.  Boon Tong Kee 3.  Wee Nam Kee Once again, thanks to all 1015 readers who logged in to vote! My next task is to blog the remaining chicken rice from the top ten list, viz Pow Sing, Hainanese Delights and Tong Fong Fatt. If you ask me, the best Chicken Rice can only be done at home by using the very best Free Range Fat Mother Hen.  I have posted the recipe from Five Stars before, you can view it here.  The thing to remember with handling  the chicken is: 1.  The bigger the chicken the more flavourful it is so get a 1.5 to 2kg chicken to start with.  Try to get free range chicken from the specialty butchers, they taste more like real chicken especially when you want to cook chicken rice. 2. You don't need boiling water to cook chicken, cooking at 80 degrees celcius is enough to kill the germs and cook the meat.  Using a lower cooking temperature will ensure your meat remains juicy and tender 3.   The ice waterbath at the end stops the cooking process and turns all the nice chicken juices to gelatine under the skin.  So use lots of ice and soak it! 4.  If you wish, you can brine the chicken for 2 to 3 hours before by soaking the chicken in 1 cup salt to 4 litres of water.  Brining will give you a tender, juicy chicken and helps with the taste as well.
It's late at night and you are feeling a little hungry for a something seriously lemak (rich and savoury) because you have been trying to go on a salad and fruit diet for the whole day. What do you do? Well, you could turn on the computer, log onto ieatishootipost and check out the After 10 label. Then a big smile will come across your face when you discover this blog. Cos salvation is at hand! Sambal chilli was the sweeter version which I always prefer with my Nasi Lemak. 
