There is a Nasi Lemak place dishing out Nasi Lemak with a seriously shiok curry till 2 am! I really liked Hainanese Style Curry Chicken Wings. The curry gravy is darn shiok and sure to satisfy your umami(savoury) craving. This place is also famous for its Black Chicken Wings. These are fried chicken wings coated with a sweet and savoury, Kecap Manis based sauce. The sauce is very shiok but I found the chicken wings a bit overcooked that night so it was a bit too dry. The rice was fragrant, but not the best I have tasted. Forummers have raved about the Petai (Topmost pic) but I don't think I have developed a taste for it. I find it too bitter for my palate. All the curry dishes here are very very good. Aside from the curry chicken, the brinjal and the Sayur Lodeh (Mixed Veg Curry) were excellent. My only other complaint is that they don't use a Bain-Marie to keep the food warm, so only the rice is warm. It would have been great if the curries were not cold. Good place to satisfy your Nasi Lemak craving with some really excellent curries. Would have been perfect if the food was warm and the fried stuff were not over fried.
Astonishing. That's the best word to describe my supper at Aston's Specialities. What started out as our routine D&amp;M(Deep and Meaningful) turned out to be the best dining experience of the month! So what were we expecting? A quiet night out, quick simple "hawker style" western food then head home to bed. Its been a tiring week for both of us. From what we know from the forum, this restaurant which used to occupy a stall at the nearby coffeeshop serves reasonably good steaks at very good prices and the food is a few grades better then your run of the mill hawker western food. As we drove past the restaurant, we noticed how crowded it was. "That's a good sign" I thought to myself, as I parked the car. When we walked in, Astonishment #1, the crowd was none other then a group of seasoned makankakis busily devouring the entire rib eye section of one cow. No kidding, 8 kg of Prime Roast for 15 people! The cow certainly did not die in vain as the meal was accompanied by wines from every corner of the globe. Happening! After exchanging notes about pleasure derived from various parts of the cattle's anatomy we managed to sit down to have our D&amp;M amidst a group of really happy people. Lo and behold! Astonishment #2 walked in. Spotted a couple we haven't met for 6 years and also another fellow I met at a car garage once. So wifey, being in deep and meaningful mode, started a D&amp;M with other wifey that we haven't met for 6 years. I resumed ruminating with the dead cow's society. Astonishment #3. The Rib Eye Steak was an amazingly good, 250g of tender NZ beef for $14.90. That's value for money. At $14.90, this Rib Eye easily beats stuff you get at Jack's Place and even some other steak houses. Of course you should not expect it to be as good as Black Angus, but at $14.90, I can eat this everyweek! We had a selection of pasta salad, coleslaw, onion rings and sauteed vegetables for side dishes all of which was a very good and certainly a welcomed change from the usual bake beans, cucumber and fries that you find at hawker western food stalls. We managed to speak to Aston (The owner and chef - Dah!) when everything sort of quietened down. We was quite surprised to find that he charges only $1.10 for a can of Pepsi Lite. Here's Astonishment #4: His philosophy is that since they did not add any value to the Pepsi, he does not charge any extra for it. He only charges a profit for those things that he has added value to. (Don't establishments that charge $5 for a can of Pepsi just turn you off?) I am beginning to like this place more and more. Astonishment #5: Aston is currently experimenting with a concept!! Ah! A man after my own heart. So we discussed the fundamentals of a SuperBurger. I was pleasantly surprised to discover that he actually chops the beef for each burger he serves and not mince and his normal burgers starts at $5.50! I am already planning my next visit. What I am having is Phwaaa Say!!! Move over Uberburger! Oh, it is also possible, instead of a burger pattie to have thinly sliced Rib Eye steak, seared quickly with teriyaki sauce and layered in the burger bun!! Looks like I'll be posting more pics very soon! What can I say? The phrase that best describes Astons is "Value for money (VFM)" and the Chef can cater to your whims and fancies (During Off peak periods). This is certainly a place that you can come couple of times a month to fulfill your quota of beef. Oh! Before I forget. From 19 Aug onwards, Aston is serving US Angus Rib Eye steak, 250g for $23.90! VFM or what?
This stall is where you can still find Cantonese style desserts like peanut paste, sesame paste, walnut paste and the starchy, gooey type red bean soup with orange peel all prepared the same way they were 40 years ago. You don't get stuff out of a packet here. Everything is still ground with this mill that has been in existence longer than I have (since 1966). They tell me that you can't buy things like this anymore in Singapore. I thought the taste of the desserts should have been much better given all their writeups and the antique mill. The sesame/almond paste and the peanut paste tasted a bit watered down that day. I had expected a buttery, rich peanut paste, but it just did not quite cut it for me that day. The red bean soup was still pretty good though and I liked the taste of the orange peel and the thick soup which you can't find in most dessert stalls. Another stall with a strong tradition of doing things the good old way. Bit dissppointed about the sesame/almond and peanut soup, but seeing the accolades and the mill, I am willing to give them another go the next time to see if it is just a one off thing. Updated on 25 June 2008 They have moved back to their permanent location


