Yeah, I remember trying to do the Jui Chuen (Drunken Kungfu) just like Jacky when I was a kid! C'mon, you guys have done it too lah! Anyway, fast forward 30 years, Jacky Chan is now a household name even in the Western world. There is even a Jacky Chan cartoon series. So why would a guy with such fame and fortune want to open a cafe? That was the question I posed to Simon, the man in charge of Jacky Chan's cafe in Singapore. By the way, the one in Singapore is the very first Jacky Chan cafe which is quite interesting as you would have expected it to have started in Hong Kong instead. According to Simon it is all about the Hong Kong people's mindset of starting businesses. So Jacky, being a good Hong Konger is just doing it because it is in his genes. So, if you were Jacky Chan, what kind of cafe would you like to open? One that serves Cappuccino with Dim Sum seems to be the answer. And I think it is a great idea as well. You know how Dim Sum always seems to be something you eat with more than 2 friends? Yeah, everything comes in threes. So it is difficult for 2 people to have a casual dim sum meal. So the good thing with the cafe is that everything comes in twos. Just right for you and a friend. The other way to think of it is that whenever you have coffee, don't you wish you had something nice and savoury like a Char Siew Shou or some Springrolls? Since this is such a great idea, why does it take someone like Jacky Chan to come up with it first, I wonder? Some other enterprising entrepreneur should have thought about it long ago, right? Anyway, the Dim Sum here is from Imperial Treasure, so the quality is very good. They have several steamed items like teochew dumplings and lotus leaf glutinous rice but most of the items are the baked and deep fried ones like Wu Kok (Fried Yam dumplings), Char Siew Shou (Char Siew Puffs), egg tarts and this particular Yam Puff which I thought was the best of the lot. The Yam Puff filled with a sweet Yam Paste and salted egg yolk. The pastry is light and flaky and I think you can imagine that it would taste really good. I give this one a . Great place to chill out with a friend over coffee and dim sum. I think there would be more cafes serving dim sum popping up in Singapore real soon. In my blog on the Joo Chiat Prawn Mee, I mentioned that the original Beach Road Prawn Mee had spawn 3 stalls all serving Prawn Mee of similar taste. This one is owned by one of the grandsons. I have eaten at all three stalls and find that their soup version is better than the dry version. The soup in all three stalls have got that wonderful ooomph when you drink it. As with all prawn mees, the standard of the soup also really depends on luck. If you get your soup just before they refill it with fresh stock, you are bound to be in for that wonderful umami rush! Unlike the Auntie's stall at Joo Chiat, this stall gives you the option of ordering Jumbo King Prawns in order to satisfy your prawn craving. The Jumbo Prawn version I ordered cost $8 and the normal one starts from $4. The pork ribs here are big, tender and very shiok. Conclusion A great Prawn Mee soup. This stall is a favourite amongst many people so I do not expect that there will be many who will disagree with the high rating. This is another one of those food blogs to make Westerners cringe. (Not all, of course) As is widely known, we Chinese eat anything that has legs and have their backs facing heaven. (Where does that leave snakes and monkeys?) Not only that, we eat almost every part of the animal. That's cos in poverty stricken China, its not every day that you get to kill the prized pig. So don't waste all those lovely innards yah? Anyway, this blog is not about pigs, it is about fish. But what makes this fish soup special is that they serve fish skin as one of their specialties. Yes, I see you cringing. We both brother/sister, we both. Me, I'm no fish skin person. But as I say, if other people like it, I am willing to at least give it a try. I was brought up thinking that the skin of the fish is the part that makes it Chor (gives it its fishy odour). I actually grew up not liking fish much because of the fishy odour. So it was already an achievement for me to start eating fish, much less eating the most fishy part of the fish! Truth be known , the skin actually tastes alright. It did not have that fishy odour that I was worried about. The texture was like soft pasta and was a bit slimy on the inside. Tastewise, I can't really describe. I guess it tasted like fish. The soup was good and Jason spikes his soup with a generous dash of Hua Tiao Chiu (Chinese Rice Wine) which gave it quite a kick. I arrived too late that day, so the fresh fish was sold out, but I was told by gubak that the fish is usually very fresh and the quantity generous. Conclusion I don't think I will specifically order the fish skin again, but the soup and the fried fish was pretty good and at $3 a bowl, I'd say its quite good value too.