The banner says: I can't argue with that. Unlike many other "hawkers", Sha is a fine example of the 21st century food seller who strives to beat the competition through innovation and excellent service. Afterall, he should know about service standards as he was until 2 years ago working for SIA as a flight steward. He differentiates his satay by making it extra big and full of chuncky chicken pieces. I was already quite happy with his satay, but this time round he decided that the ultimate chicken satay should also contain pieces of chicken skin to ensure that this is the most juicy and flavoursome satay. And the result is incredible. See for yourself! Sha has also been busy improving on his Super Power Beef Satay. The Super Power Beef is specially catered for the beefeater who needs his weekly dose of bovine protein. Gone are the days of pathetic pieces of grisle on a stick, instead, Super Power Beef puts a slab of sirloin steak on a stick. Any beef lover would be happy to see the size of the Super Power Beef. However, I still found that the beef was a little too chewy for me and there wasn't enough fat to keep the meat juicy. I think it could be further improved if a different cut of beef was used. But then again people always complain that I am fussy. Undetered, Sha is looking at how to improve on the Super Beef Satay... stay tuned, the best is yet to come. The Super Power Beef and special chicken satay can only be found at Zsa Zsa's Warong located in Jln Kayu, just next to the Thesevi's Roti Prata stall. For those who would complain about chicken skin, all I can say is that there is still less skin on a stick of satay then on a chicken wing. And at any rate you can always remove the skin. Aside from the fantastic satays, the restaurant also serves Indonesian cuisine. Must try the fried chicken wings with sambal dip. Hmmmm... Those of you who enjoy satay goreng, ie satay that is fried in a wok instead of BBQed, will be happy to know that you can also purchase this from Sza Sza Warong raw and cook it for your dinner party. Chicken $12, Beef $13, Mutton $16. My pick as the best Chicken Satay in Singapore (so far) and, at 50 cents a stick, definitely best value as well. Zsa Zsa's Warung 247 Jln Kayu 64824783 for the Chicken Satay for the Super Power Beef. Actually Singaporeans are pretty tame when it comes to food.  I was asked about what type of food would be most interesting to feature on Andrew Zimmerman's Bizarre foods when he came to Singapore and could only suggest things like Soup Tulang, Frog Porridge and chicken feet.  It is nothing compared to the wierd and wonderful things that people eat around the world.  Things like live monkey brains and tarantulas and live cobra hearts. But I guess if you wanted to pick a dish that would gross your Ang Moh friends out in Singapore, chicken feet might be a good bet.  Although nowadays, I know many Ang Mohs who have already been exposed to this, so it isn't really a fear factor anymore. Actually chicken feet should rank up there with trotters as an anti aging food.  They are full of collagen which is great for keeping your skin nice and taut.  It is more about texture then taste as chicken feet are pretty much tasteless and will take on whatever sauce you cook it in. The kakis loved the chicken feet at the stall.  They are nice and crunchy and sauce is excellent.  So if you after some low calorie snack which keeps you young at the same time, here is one place to find it.  Not to mention that it is really cheap too.  Tian Shui Chicken Rice used to be located at the corner coffeeshop and has recently moved to the adjacent food centre.  So long time fans of this stall might be a little confused if you have tried to visit them in the last few months.  Someone else has taken over the stall in the corner coffeeshop which continues to attract quite a large following.  But it was Tian Shui which Damien was recommending.  It is one of the few chicken rice stalls that I know of which also sells Yong Tau Foo soup and sure enough the pot of soup was found in the stall. The chicken here is really outstanding and it has been sometime since I found a chicken, chilli and oyster sauce combination that could rival the one at Yi Bao (not sure if they are still there). The chicken is perfectly tender and lively and is perfectly complemented by the flavoursome oyster sauce.  The chilli is bright and citrussy, it has a spicy kick which is not prolonged such that you don't go away with a mouthful of heat.  This is the best chicken and chilli I have tasted for some time. Unfortunately, the fairy tale ends with the rice.  It's dry and although it has the flavour of the chicken broth, it is doesn't stand out at all.  This is a shame because if the rice was also good, they would have scored the trifecta in the race for chicken rice glory. Conclusion Great place to satisfy your craving for good chicken and chilli with crunchy chicken feet as an added bonus.  It's really too bad that the rice was a let down, but it is good for those who are weight conscious. I think that it is fair to say that most of us take Sugar Cane juice for granted. It always plays 2nd fiddle to satay, hokkien mee, chilli crabs and laksa and we usually just order it from the closest stall or from the Aunty who bothers to come over to ask for orders.