Who would ever think about traveling across Singapore just for a Sugar Cane drink? The problem is that most sugar cane sellers also know this and so most of them make little effort to provide a great product.  In fact, it also plays 2nd fiddle to the Tiger beer, Heinekan or even the can drinks.  I must admit that even when I sometimes get a lousy Sugar Cane drink, I don't even remember where I ordered it from which means that I would make the same mistake again! It's hard to imagine anyone raving about Sugar Cane, but that was precisely what one of my kakis did when he was telling me about this particular Sugar Cane drink stall in Ang Mo Kio.  Apparently, this Sugar Cane hawker was so passionate about his Sugar Cane drink that he doesn't even want to bother about selling canned drinks.  He just wants to sell a great Sugar Cane drink.  Full Stop. It's this type of audacity that gets my attention.  I have to see just how good a Sugar Cane drink can get.  After all, isn't it just a matter of squeezing out the juice from some sugar cane and serving it with ice? If it is that simple, then why do so many stalls get it so wrong? Well, it turns out that as with all things, the devil is in the details.  Mr Ong, an ex-technician turned sugarcane man some 10 years ago, tells me that he pays a lot of attention to the supply of Sugar Cane and can tell just by looking at the juice whether the Sugar cane was just sweet water or whether it is going to have that grassy sugar cane flavour and full bodied mouthfeel. The other thing that he does which sets his Sugar Cane apart, is that he offers a squeeze of lime instead of lemon as an option.  Not only that, but each wedge of lime is cut precisely and squeezed with a ricer so that the amount of lime juice is just right such that you get that wonderful zesty zing of the lime without the sourness.  It was certainly an excellent cup of Sugar Cane drink and the only one that I would think about traveling to drink!  4.25/5 Conclusion This is one Sugar Cane drink stall that doesn't need to play 2nd fiddle to other dishes!   I am now a firm convert to Sugar Cane with lime! One would think that something like raw fish noodles is a modern day dish born out of our country's increasing fascination for Japanese cuisine and attention to healthier hawker food. But that is not entirely true.  Raw fish salad has been around even before the current Japanese food craze and it has been traditionally eaten with hot congee.  But how about raw fish noodles?  Well, the salmon version is modern, but the wolf herring version has been around since the 50's.  There was at least one stall along Trengganu street which was selling this dish and it has been subsequently sold at Chinatown food centre for the last 30 years! But you already knew that.  Or didn't you? This dish will appeal to those who like to have something light for lunch.  Basically it is wanton mee that has been topped with raw fish instead of char siew.  The Wolf Herring version is made with the traditional sesame oil based dressing whilest the Salmon version uses a Japanese inspired Ponzu sauce.  Between the two, I prefer the more traditional Wolf Herring version.  Raw Salmon just doesn't taste as good when the fish warm.  I would have liked it a chilled so that the Omega 3 Fatty Acids solidify and the flesh is firm rather then limpid.  The cold fish would have been a nice contrast to the warm noodles. The Wolf Herring version is better as it is not such a fatty fish, so the texture is chewy and fresh even when it is not chilled.  I must say that the noodles are done very well and it has a nice QQ texture and the sauce is delicious.  The hawker who runs the stall used to work as a Japanese Chef in Las Vegas and proudly showed me his seafood certification.  This certification is very important especially if we are dealing with Salmon.  Salmon needs to be handled properly if it is to be served raw.  Being an anadromous fish (ie it swims upstream to spawn and spends the rest of its life in the ocean), there is a risk of it being infected with parasites.  So for Salmon to be used in Sushi, it has to be blast frozen in order to kill the parasites.  Don't ever buy Salmon from the supermarket and try to eat it has Sashimi!  It must be labelled Sashimi grade Salmon, or else you will need to cook it properly. Wolf Herring on the other hand, is alright to be eaten raw as it is an ocean fish.  Our hawkers have traditionally been serving it raw for years.  However, as with any raw food, it can be contaminated if the utensils used to prepare it is not cleaned.  So be weary when eating any raw food! Conclusion Raw fish noodles would certainly be a novelty item for many.  It is good dish to have if you are feeling guilty of over indulging and want something light, tasty and healthy to appease the conscience.  One of our reader's advise is to buy the Salmon version home and leave it in the fridge to chill the fish before eating.  The noodles remain QQ whilest the fish firms up and you end up with a very pleasant fish salad.  At $4.50 a plate, this is certainly one of the cheapest way to satisfy that craving for Sashi-Mee!